[Music]
key framing in graphics is a technique
used to control and animate properties
of Graphics over time according to
Specific Instructions for example by
inserting two key frames for opacity
with different strengths you can make
the graphics gradually change from one
opacity level to another like
this to add key frames simply press the
diamond shaped button next to the
property you want to animate in your
graphics you can adjust the size or
strength of the graphic effect by by
selecting a key frame on the timeline
and modifying its attributes you have to
add the key frame to the timeline before
you can change the size or strength of
the graphic if you don't do this it will
stay the
[Music]
same to delete a key frame you need to
click on the one you want to delete and
then press delete on your
keyboard you can insert as many key
frames as needed to achieve the
animation and effect you want
[Music]